CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Welcome to the Comp-Lang-Comp Contributing Guide

Thank you for considering to contribute to this project!

Before beginning, please read our [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) to keep our community approachable and respectable.

This guide will provide a summary of how to contribute to this project. For more details, please view the [project wiki](https://github.com/comp-lang-comp/comp-lang-comp.github.io/wiki). Each section will also link to any further details.

## New contributor guide
To get an overview of the project, read the [README](README.md) file. Here are some resources provided by GitHub to help you get started with open source contributions:

* [Finding ways to contribute to open source on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/exploring-projects-on-github/finding-ways-to-contribute-to-open-source-on-github)
* [Set up Git](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/set-up-git)
* [GitHub flow](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/github-flow)
* [Collaborating with pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests)

### Your First Contribution
 **Working on your first Pull Request?** You can learn how from this *free* series [How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub](https://kcd.im/pull-request).

 You can then head down to the [Getting Started](#getting-started) section for more information about the different areas of contribution.

## Getting Started

The Comp-Lang-Comp project is an open-source website used to show and compare multiple computer languages amongst each other. We hope this help others in many different context such as learning a new language by comparing it with another one that one already knows, using it to compare different syntactic approach to implement the same formal semantics, and seeing other computer language designs as inspiration for building one's own programming language. In the next section, we will outline how you may contribute to this project.

### Contribution Section

For this project, we have four overarching sections for which you may contribute to, which are:
1. Content: The information presented in the website.
2. Design: How the information is conveyed on the website.
3. Tooling: Tools to help improve working on other sections.
4. Translation: Taking information from one language and translating it to another.

Contributions should generally fall under one of those 4 categories. If you have a question about what section a contribution should belong to, feel free to ask it in the [project discussion board](https://github.com/comp-lang-comp/comp-lang-comp.github.io/discussions). 

### Contribution Guidelines and Conventions
When committing your code, please follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/).
For pull requests,

### Contributing to Content
TODO: Add specific contribution file and link to correct wiki page

### Contributing to Design
TODO: Add specific contribution file and link to correct wiki page

### Contributing to Tooling
TODO: Add specific contribution file and link to correct wiki page

### Contributing to Translation
TODO: Add specific contribution file and link to correct wiki page

Commit message:

chore(CONTRIBUTING.md): Update Content Contributing Guide
Add new section for contribution steps and updated contributing to content section

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Welcome to the Comp-Lang-Comp Contributing Guide

Thank you for considering to contribute to this project!

Before beginning, please read our [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) to keep our community approachable and respectable.

This guide will provide a summary of how to contribute to this project. For more details, please view the [project wiki](https://github.com/comp-lang-comp/comp-lang-comp.github.io/wiki). Each section will also link to any further details.

## New contributor guide
To get an overview of the project, read the [README](README.md) file. Here are some resources provided by GitHub to help you get started with open source contributions:

* [Finding ways to contribute to open source on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/exploring-projects-on-github/finding-ways-to-contribute-to-open-source-on-github)
* [Set up Git](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/set-up-git)
* [GitHub flow](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/github-flow)
* [Collaborating with pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests)

### Your First Contribution
 **Working on your first Pull Request?** You can learn how from this *free* series [How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub](https://kcd.im/pull-request).

 You can then head down to the [Getting Started](#getting-started) section for more information about the different areas of contribution.

## Getting Started

The Comp-Lang-Comp project is an open-source website used to show and compare multiple computer languages amongst each other. We hope this help others in many different context such as learning a new language by comparing it with another one that one already knows, using it to compare different syntactic approach to implement the same formal semantics, and seeing other computer language designs as inspiration for building one's own programming language. In the next section, we will outline how you may contribute to this project.

### Contribution Section

For this project, we have four overarching sections for which you may contribute to. These are (with quick links to the section):
1. [Content](#contributing-to-content): The information presented in the website.
2. [Design](#contributing-to-design): How the information is conveyed on the website.
3. [Tooling](#contributing-to-tooling): Tools to help improve working on other sections.
4. [Translation](#contributing-to-translation): Taking information from one language and translating it to another.

Contributions should generally fall under one of those 4 categories. If you have a question about what section a contribution should belong to, feel free to ask it in the [project discussion board](https://github.com/comp-lang-comp/comp-lang-comp.github.io/discussions). 

### Contribution Guidelines and Conventions
When committing your code, please follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/).
For pull requests, we provide a template to fill out when making one. At minimum, add a summary of your commits/changes and what issue it resolves.

#### General Contribution Steps

Here are the steps to walk through for getting your contribution into the project.
1. Signal the Issue: There are two ways to signify that you would like to contribute.
    - Find an open issue that is currently not being worked on and take ownership of that. If there is someone assigned already, notify them that you would also like to work on the issue.
    - Create a new issue with the appropriate template and fill in the relevant information. 
    - Check the project page to verify that it has been added. This will let everyone know what you are working on. Also remember to set it to "In Progress".
2. Create a fork and branch: To start working on your issue, create a fork of the repository and create a branch.
    - If you are not sure how to fork a repository, read through [GitHub's quickstart guide on forking a repo](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo). You can just clone the main branch.
    - You can automatically create a branch with the appropriate name by clicking on the "Create a Branch" link in the Development section of the issues. Here is a [GitHub guide going through the process](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/creating-a-branch-for-an-issue). Remember to make the branch on your fork and not the main repository.
3. Work on your contribution: This is where you will spend the bulk of the time.
    - Follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) when making commits.
    - Keep each contribution commit small to make it easy to find what changes were made.
4. Make pull request: Once finished and all the commits needed are published to your fork, make a pull request with the branch you would like to merge in.
    - There should be a provided template to fill out. It should include a summary of changes and what issue(s) it resolves/closes.
5. Wait for review
    - Once you have made a merge request, a reviewer will put the request "In Review". 
    - If the reviewer find an issue with your request, they will provide a comment about it and some possible solutions. You can go back to step 4 to rework the contribution and try updating your request.
    - If your contribution is good, it will be merged into the project.
6. Your pull request is merged
    - Congratulations, your contributions have been entered into the project.  
### Contributing to Content
To start contributing to content, first consider what you want to do with the current content. Are you planning on adding or updating a section, add a new computer language, or fix a typo. Once you have your idea, figure out how you would like to work through it. Browse the other issues to get an idea for what kinds of contributions have been worked on in the past. Issues that are part of this contribution include "Improve Content" in the title. To understand the reasoning for these content idea, take a look at the content page of the wiki.

### Contributing to Design
TODO: Add specific contribution file and link to correct wiki page

### Contributing to Tooling
TODO: Add specific contribution file and link to correct wiki page

### Contributing to Translation
TODO: Add specific contribution file and link to correct wiki page
