README.md, before:

# Programming Language Comparison


[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://makeapullrequest.com) 
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/comp-lang-comp/comp-lang-comp.github.io?style=for-the-badge)](./LICENSE.md)


A website comparing programming languages in similar contexts. Our goal is to have a website that provides details for how different variety of code snippets implement the same behavior.

## Contribution
For details on contributing to the project, ahead over to the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) file. That file will provide information about the different ways you can contribute.

### Maintainers
**Project Lead:** [SurajSSingh](https://github.com/SurajSSingh)

### Contributor List
For most up-to-date contributors: <https://github.com/comp-lang-comp/comp-lang-comp.github.io/graphs/contributors>

## License
There are two licenses used in this project: [Creative Commons Attribution Share Alike 4.0 International (CC-BY-SA 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) and [Apache 2.0 License](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0). At a high level, the CC-BY-SA-4.0 license applies to the content of the website while the Apache 2.0 License applies to the code.

For more information, check out the project [LICENSE](./LICENSE.md). The text of the licenses can be found in: [LICENSE.Apache-2.0 for the Apache 2.0 License](./LICENSE.Apache-2.0) and [LICENSE.CC-BY-SA-4.0 for the CC-BY-SA 4.0 License](./LICENSE.CC-BY-SA-4.0)

Commit message:

chore: :page_facing_up: Remove LICENSE.md and update README.md
Removed license markdown file to allow GitHub to auto-find the other two licenses. Move most content from LICNESE to README's License section

README.md, after:

# Programming Language Comparison


[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://makeapullrequest.com) 
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/comp-lang-comp/comp-lang-comp.github.io?style=for-the-badge)](./LICENSE.md)


A website comparing programming languages in similar contexts. Our goal is to have a website that provides details for how different variety of code snippets implement the same behavior.

## Contribution
For details on contributing to the project, ahead over to the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) file. That file will provide information about the different ways you can contribute.

### Maintainers
**Project Lead:** [SurajSSingh](https://github.com/SurajSSingh)

### Contributor List
For most up-to-date contributors: <https://github.com/comp-lang-comp/comp-lang-comp.github.io/graphs/contributors>

## License
There are two licenses used in this project: [Creative Commons Attribution Share Alike 4.0 International (CC-BY-SA 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) and [Apache 2.0 License](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0). At a high level, the CC-BY-SA-4.0 license applies to the content of the website while the Apache 2.0 License applies to the code.

Any files that are part of the content of the website are licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution Share Alike 4.0 International (CC-BY-SA-4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/). Namely, all file under the [source](./source) and [locales](./locales) folders are under the CC-BY-SA-4.0 License. 

Any code files are licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0). Namely, the files: [config.rb](./config.rb), [Dockerfile](./Dockerfile), [dockerslate.sh](./dockerslate.sh), [font-selection.json](./font-selection.json), [Gemfile](./Gemfile), [slate.sh](./slate.sh), [Vagrantfile](./Vagrantfile), and all files under the [lib](./lib) folders. 

The text of the licenses can be found in: [LICENSE.Apache-2.0 for the Apache 2.0 License](./LICENSE.Apache-2.0) and [LICENSE.CC-BY-SA-4.0 for the CC-BY-SA 4.0 License](./LICENSE.CC-BY-SA-4.0).
